Hi Paul, 

Again I have to apologize for not being in touch for so long. Stuart mentioned that he is about to pay you the balance for you work, so I figured I should get you the rest of the materials you will need. For now I would like to just get the essentials up so we can launch the site: bio, resumé (which didn’t seem to work on the temp site), contact, a a few photos. Once the site is live will I be able to add photos as I get them or will you have to do that? 

I like the basic design of the temp site. I would prefer a softer font for everything, think a little girlier (not the most natural thing for you, I know). Not too frilly though, I like clean fonts like Georgia, Lucinda Bright, or Super Clarendon Light. For the menu, maybe a slightly lighter grey. I like the color when what mouse hovers over each word. I want the order to be Home, News, Gallery, Resumé, Contact. I like the set up of the Hire Me page, but I want this is to be the Contact page instead (does that make sense?). And can you center the menu instead of aligning it to the left? 

For the home page, could the headshot be bigger and the “example header” be my name. Then my bio (attached) will go beside the headshot. I’ve cut my hair so I have a new headshot, which I can send you tomorrow when I have the correct edit of it. 

On the news page, I want to have the upcoming projects that I’ve been hired for. I’ll type this up and attach it in a word document. 

I have more photos to add to the gallery. Please take the title off of this page, put the titles of each photo underneath, unbold ad smaller, and arrange them by date (newest to oldest), the photos I’m attaching here should be titles The Addams Family 2015. Another note, some of the photos look distorted before you click to enlarge them. Anyway to fix this?

Like I said I would like the contact page to be the form to send me an email. It’ll be linked to parris.leah@gmail.com right? I think I like this better than having my email written out. I’d like the title of this page to be “Get in Touch” with no additional body text. Under the form, I’d like a link to my Facebook and Instagram, with the icon buttons. Here are the links: https://www.facebook.com/leah.parris.10 	https://instagram.com/peace_love_leah/

Phew, think this is enough to get us going again? lol Again, I have to say I so appreciate your work on this and your patience with me as I have let this process drag on for so very long! I think with these adjustments we should be ready to launch and you can finally get me out of your hair! 

Thank you!
-Leah

