I appreciate your honesty, as always. I'll take what you said into consideration, but as I said, most of the 'extra' stuff is for friends. I'm not trying to be the best or compare to anybody. It's just fun to work on the mod. That's all I'm doing is having fun. I mean I'm not 'forcing' anybody to play with it. I'm just putting it out there in case someone does decide to give it a chance, as you have, which again I thank you for. As far as coordinating goes, I'm kind of a shut in when it comes to new people, especially on Skype, but private  messaging on here is completely doable. I would absolutely love to make my own machinery/furnaces/whatever, the issue is I suck at GUIs and would need immense help with that. Most people don't have the patience for helping me understand the concepts. I do have a much better grasp of GUIs than I used to, but I still struggle with them. The Super Charged Coal is overpowered, I definitely agree with you on that. I might make it much more rare or something, we'll see. I'm always looking to make things more challenging but I don't wanna make my server players -not- wanna play on it anymore out of frustration. I'm not saying your suggestions are bad, by any means. They're great and you've worked hard to present them in a mature fashion so I respect them. I'm just stubborn is all. XD But trust me, some of that definitely sunk in. I'm always asking for ideas and I have some ideas I'd like to implement, but like I said there are some things I don't quite understand yet. Now, do I expect my mod to be popular? Nah. Would I like it to be? Eh, it'd be nice to be known, at least. But I really don't want to change the heart of it. I'm not trying to be better or "up there" with the other mods. I want to make my own dimension again, but I always struggle with lag and other issues when doing that. So I may come to you for that, but it will likely be in a separate mod. If you're willing to help me out with understanding certain concepts and how-tos of certain things though, then I'm all for that. Thanks again.