Mike and I go way back. In high school, all we basically had was each other, though he had a few friends and I had a few too, and we weren't nearly as close back then. He used to be WAY nicer to me. Heck when I first saw him, HE spoke to ME first, and I thought he was nuts because he would tell me about this stuff he tried with his car, near cops and all that and just crazy crap that he had done and the whole time he's telling me this stuff I'm just thinking like "ok this guy is definitely a Larry the Cable Guy kinda dude wtf is wrong with him." I kept to myself back then way more than I do now and I had just gotten over something really traumatic for me at the time. Anyway he used to hang around me like a satellite, like literally he would stand within a hand's reach from me and I even had to have a talk with him about personal space cause it was kinda creepy at the time. Back then I didn't care much, and I really didn't wanna let anyone else in. But every break (15 minutes during the morning idk why) he'd come find me and talk about cars and mechanics and stuff I had no idea what he was talking about so I would just smile and nod. Eventually we started hanging out at Gold Cup here in Macon (bowling) and that's where we really got close. I was dating Jennie at the time (Jennie Maria Matias on my FB friends list) and she had a friend named Justine that was looking for a decent guy so Jennie and I hooked him up with her. Then me and him were basically dating sisters it felt like. We grew a bond over it. He was there when she broke up with me, when all my girlfriends broke up with me. My very first breakup, he actually hugged me tight and told me it was gonna be alright. He came to be the ONLY one that I trusted, for years to come. Fast-forward a few years, we still hang out and all, he's just grown more of a tough outer shell. Well eventually after he loses his childhood home (which I would come to know the pain of many years later), he calls me and for the first time I hear him actually crying his eyes out and I reassured him and made him laugh. We would hang out and he would spend the night at my place or vice versa. His sister didn't hate me, in fact she would like flirt with me which I thought was kinda odd but I was also like "hey cool a girl thinks I'm hot" and all, Idk it was a weird quirk with me. Anyway in 2010 - 2011, I was going through a LOT of internal battles, both spiritual and mental. I had an ASSHOLE therapist, one that did nothing but down talk me in front of my parents, and the three of them would just throw every little mistake and flaw in my face. He had me going through about 8 different medications in the period of about 4 months before I finally told him I couldn't deal with his (the therapist's) crap anymore and that finally ended. But my mind was, obviously, an absolute mess, from being on different medications with varying side effects in such a short time. I wasn't myself, and it caused Mike and I to grow apart a lot. He didn't hang out with me as much, barely talked to me, started ignoring me, pretending I didn't exist basically. After I lost my grandfather, we got close again for a while, then we setup our first Minecraft server, and started the DreamSpand (now Zollernverse) web site, and stuff was good for a while. We discovered the joys of online gaming together and it, to me, was fascinating and a great alternative to hanging out (considering he was either in Nashville, TN or Baimbridge, GA at the time). Whenever he would come back to visit his folks, HE would ask ME to hang out. He never does that anymore. I'm not mad at him. I'm not mad at anybody. I just miss the friend in him I used to have. And I used to think that maybe he just changed, that he's not that guy anymore, but he IS that guy to everyone else, just not to me. So it leaves me feeling like I did something wrong when, he responds to you, tells literally anyone else "well come on over some time", tells anyone else that they can text or call him whenever and he'll respond right away, but with me I'm lucky to even get a "hi." Most of the time when I message him saying hello or no matter what I say really, I get a "yes?" like it's some nuisance to be friendly towards me. And I really don't understand what happened. I've tried making him feel more appreciated and telling him he's a good friend, but he completely ignores it. I even sent him something on his phone last night telling him that I appreciated him but he completely ignored it even when I tried a second time. He can post stuff on Facebook all day long and see my messages on there but not talk to me. Meanwhile if Kesha or anyone he actually cares about messages him, he's instant about it. It's a miracle for me to even get to talk to him anymore. The only time I get to really is when you're there too because apparently being around just me is unbearable to him now. I've lost of lot of friends randomly through the years, for reasons that I still don't understand, and I just really don't wanna lose Mike so I'm trying to do what I can. But every single time I try to talk to him about it, no matter how nice or polite I am, he responds with anger and malice and starts swearing and getting upset and annoyed with me. In the call the other day you saw how he just completely ignored me until I pressed him. I have to do that or I don't get a response at all. I get that he's busy, I'm not denying that, the problem is he's usually only busy for me and not for anyone else. When he's not busy he just tells me "nah" all the time. He begged me for like a year or two to get an X-Box One, and before I even thought about it, I told him I didn't wanna waste money on it because I was pretty sure that he wouldn't wanna play on it except for maybe the first few days but he said he would, so I went ahead and did it when I got that one deal from my cousin's friend. We played it on the first few weeks and now it's just sitting there. He doesn't care about me. Not anymore at least, and not like he used to. He puts up with me but he does not care, or if he does, then it's the bare minimum. And whenever I ask him why he won't hang out with me (because he hasn't since we built my PC together, which was in April, not Christmas as I last remembered, but you know how my memory is so yeah), he just gets upset again, and usually tells me, "well whenever I get a chance to hang out you're usually the one I hang with so chill." Which isn't my fault to begin with. He's even like obsessed with my cousin right now which even by itself is kinda weird and strange to me, and talks to her as much as he can, but not to me. He can be like that with my own family, but not with me? That's just like a big "fuck you" and a slap to the face. And I know he isn't, but it's almost like he's doing it on purpose. He has two of my family members on there, Corbin (which that one was my doing to begin with and they don't talk anyway so) and Abigail Shepherd, a cousin I'm really close to that he talks to nearly every day, messaging her first, but yet talking to me is a chore. But somehow my own family isn't. It just doesn't feel fair. And I mean, maybe it's all in my head. But I keep seeing things that make me question it, and it's not necessarily him, it's my anxiety. I worry about stuff a lot, that's what social anxiety does. Especially after having my trust betrayed so much. True, Danny and I reconciled and now we're closer than we were before, so that hole got patched up at least. I just want that with Mike. Instead of him blaming me or yelling at me or cussing at me or getting upset with me or ignoring me, I just want him to actually prove that he cares. I don't even necessarily need an apology. And he always says I'm "trying to be the center of attention", but I swear to you, I promise you, I'm not. I HATE being the center of attention. Spotlight has never appealed to me. And I know he has other friends besides me, that's fine, but to be honest, the majority of my friends are his friends too because I introduced them way back when, and both our worlds grew from there. And you mean just as much to me as he does at this point, no more and no less. The only difference is I just met you when I was much older and more detached. He wants me to make these specially-shaped blocks for him for his motel on the server, and I can do that, no problem, but the issue is that he usually only talks to me that close when he needs something, in this case the blocks. And it's been several months since we last hung out, and even then it wasn't for long and we spent the whole time building that monster of a PC. I can't help but feel like the reason he won't hang out with me and barely talks to me is because of Heather and her hate towards me and towards Danny too now. She just hates him all of a sudden for no good reason, when they were dating. And now Danny and I talk every day and night and he is beyond heartbroken and feeling destroyed, and he's so full of guilt and remorse and pain, same way I was after Emily. I told Mike about this the other night and he was completely nonresponsive towards the situation. I dunno, maybe he talked to Mike and I just haven't heard about it, so don't quote me on that one, I never know with those two, that's a whole other dynamic between them that makes even less sense than mine and his. The real issue here is that I've always seen him as a brother, despite it not being biological. My mom even calls him her "other son." I don't mean to berate him or belittle him or make him feel bad. He thinks that I just "see him as always wrong" and I don't. It's not about who's right or wrong. I just want my friend back. And I don't think that even he knows what he's doing. I just feel left out and like I'm being treated unfairly, and I don't know how to talk to him to get him to understand. So if you can just somehow find a way to, I would be immeasurably grateful. I'm not asking you to get in the middle of anything; there's not even anything to get in the middle of. There's no fight, no quarrel, at least not from me. I'm not mad, I'm hurt. I don't blame him for anything, or think that anything is necessarily his fault. I literally just want my friend back, all the way, a clean slate. And the reason I get so mad is because no matter what I do or what I say, regardless of how nicely or politely I try to say it, it's the same result, every time. And yeah I mean, I have a temper. I don't know how to keep my mouth shut a lot of the time. I usually act on impulse, and I'm trying to tone that down. I go with my instincts (#TeamInstinct get rekt lol jk), and I mean well, it just gets me into trouble. So if you could just talk to him about this, and kinda explain what I did here, then maybe he'll get it. And I say that because in the past, whenever someone else would talk to him, he would understand it, because he would see it from the other point of view instead of thinking that I was just like attacking him. I just miss him. A lot. And it's making me go a little nuts because we've been best friends for a decade and now all of a sudden it's like we're strangers. It just hurts. Thank you for reading, text me your reply/replies whenever you get a chance please.