Just thought it fair to inform everyone that we will soon be switching Web hosts to a more capable company. I'm sorry, but I'm tired of the constant crap I have to deal with only to get no support. These people (FatCow) are money-grubbing bulls. Some of you may remember a couple of years ago when we were taken offline for no reason. The cause? Because we had too many people on at once. Seriously? What the hell kinda server am I paying for if it can't handle Web traffic? Time to go. Not to mention the fact that I've changed the "auto-renewal" to MANUAL multiple times only for it to continuously be changed back [i]completely[/i] WITHOUT my knowledge. Then, the next year, my account gets canceled AFTER I renew it myself, manually. The only payment mentioned on the page was the "$15/year" charge, and it mentions nothing else. A few minutes later my dad gets an e-mail (as he was the one graciously paying for it at that time) for a $108 charge that was not mentioned anywhere on the page or on the receipt. Come to find out, "the domain renewal and actual web services are two separate bills!" No one told us that, and it was not mentioned anywhere. They have done nothing but take advantage of me since day one. That's not gonna happen anymore. When the site was down before, what they suggested was that I "only update who's online once a day." You have GOT to be kidding me. A few thousand I can get, but 4 or 5 people? No way. That's not a Web server; that's a toaster. I'm learning more and more about the Web world and its languages, design, functionality, behaviors and limitations, and I've discovered that I just can't stick with FatCow anymore. If I'm gonna spread my wings and fly, I need fresh, open space, and that is just not something that I have here. Now today, out of the blue, I suddenly couldn't update or delete any of my files anymore. I finally found something on it but come to find out it's because their server cached my files wrong or something. I had to hit Ctrl+Shift+R to get everything to finally display. I did finally make a ticket, but that was three hours ago and I still have received no reply. I dont pay people for nothing; I pay them to do their job, and if they can't do that, then the payments [i]will[/i] stop. 

All data will be carried over; nothing will be left behind or forgotten as it will all be on my PC and my flash drive. Members, posts, etc will all carry over as well, so you don't have to sign up again, or worry about what you may have posted or what-have-you. The site is database-driven and therefore it can be exported and re-imported anytime anywhere. I wish I had some help to do this, but I'll manage on my own. [b]Please note, also, that I will likely be changing the URL to something a bit catchier.[/b] I'm thinking something like zollerngaming.org, or zollerntech.com, etc. I hear that .org sites have advantages over .com sites though, and "dreamspand" clearly isn't going anywhere. So everything will likely be the same, just under a different name.

Until the move is official, updates will still be coming, if I'm able to upload them, that is. I apologize for all the trouble and mistakes that have been caused and endured. Hopefully this rebirth will help more than it will hurt.

See yall on the flip side; game on!

- Zollern